feat(babel-preset-expo): Add basic support for using DOM Components in RSC projects (#31080)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/dom-components.mdx

Many large apps also use some web content for auxiliary routes such as blog posts, rich-text (for example, long-form posts on X), settings pages, help pages, and other less frequently visited parts of the app.

## Server Components

> DOM Components currently only render as single-page applications and don't support static rendering or React Server Components. When the project uses React Server Components "use dom" will work the same as "use client" regardless of the platform. RSC Payloads can technically be passed as properties to DOM Components but they cannot be hydrated correctly on native platforms as they'll be rendered for a native runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DOM Components currently only render as single-page applications and don't support static rendering or React Server Components (RSC). When the project uses React Server Components,`"use dom"` will work the same as `"use client"` regardless of the platform. RSC Payloads can be passed as properties to DOM Components. However, they cannot be hydrated correctly on native platforms as they'll be rendered for a native runtime.
```

Let's update this by
- Splitting last sentence
- Use inline code syntax highlight for directive names so that the reader can connect the dots with those directives
- Add abbreviation for RSC since we use the form in second last line.
